doc: sample: aws_fota: Add more details on usage (#897)
NordicPlayground/fw-nrfconnect-nrf: samples/nrf9160/aws_fota/README.rst

  * nRF9160 DK board (PCA10090)

* .. include:: /includes/spm.txt
* AWS IoT account

> * Certificates with correct permissions to the AWS IoT MQTT broker written/flashed into the modem

Reviewer: Is there any docs on how to do this?

Author: Tried to add some documentation on it below in the prerequisite section

.. include:: /includes/build_and_run_nrf9160.txt

Prerequisites
*************

The connected device must have the same MQTT Client ID as the thing name created on AWS IoT. It also needs a policy attached to the certificates, and the certificates need to be active.

> Below is a very permissive policy which should be used for **testing only** which you can attach to the certificates if you are unsure on what policies are needed for your device. To create a policy go to `AWS IoT Consol<https://console.aws.amazon.com/iot/home>`_ Secure>Policies>Create.

Reviewer: The link does not work.

```suggestion
Below is a very permissive policy which should be used for **testing only** which you can attach to the certificates if you are unsure on what policies are needed for your device. To create a policy go to `AWS IoT Console
<https://console.aws.amazon.com/iot/home>`_ 
Secure>Policies>Create.
```

Author: Fixed

.. code-block:: javascript

    {
      "Version": "2012-10-17",
      "Statement": [
          {
            "Effect": "Allow",
            "Action": "iot:*",
            "Resource": "*"
          }
       ]
     }

> To create a thing log in to the `AWS IoT Consol<https://console.aws.amazon.com/iot/home>`_ Manage>Things>Create>Create a single thing. Give it a name which corresponds to your MQTT Client ID. Chose next either add your certificates or chose to create certificates, press activates and remember to download one of the `root CA certificates<https://docs.aws.amazon.com/iot/latest/developerguide/managing-device-certs.html#server-authentication>`_ and the generated certificates. Afterward, attach the policy you created before and put the information from the Root CA, Public Certificate, and Private Key into `certificates.h`. After this is done deselect the option in menuconfig which is described as *Use provisioned certificates*. This will write your new certificates to the secure tag defined in menuconfig into the modem.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To create a thing log in to the `AWS IoT Console
<https://console.aws.amazon.com/iot/home>`_ 
Manage>Things>Create>Create a single thing. 
Give it a name which corresponds to your MQTT Client ID. Chose next either add your certificates or chose to create certificates, press activates and remember to download one of the `root CA certificates
<https://docs.aws.amazon.com/iot/latest/developerguide/managing-device-certs.html#server-authentication>`_ 
and the generated certificates. 
Afterward, attach the policy you created before and put the information from the Root CA, Public Certificate, and Private Key into `certificates.h`. 
After this is done deselect the option in menuconfig which is described as *Use provisioned certificates*. 
This will write your new certificates to the secure tag defined in menuconfig into the modem.
```

Author: Fixed

Usage
*****

> Flash the example onto the board with the correct AWS IoT broker configured. If you haven't written certificates to a secure tag in the modem, use the provided `certificates.h` file to write your AWS IoT MQTT broker certificates into the modem. This only has to be done once so once you have configured it you can disable this option for the next builds. When the example has successfully connected to the AWS IoT broker you should log in to your `AWS IoT Consol<https://console.aws.amazon.com/iot/home>`_ then go to *manage>jobs>create* chose **Create custom job** give a unique *Job ID* select the *device to update* and add a *job file*. Chose *snapshot* as job type and press next.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Flash the example onto the board with the correct AWS IoT broker configured. 
If you haven't written certificates to a secure tag in the modem, use the provided `certificates.h` file to write your AWS IoT MQTT broker certificates into the modem. 
This only has to be done once so once you have configured it you can disable this option for the next builds. 
When the example has successfully connected to the AWS IoT broker you should log in to your `AWS IoT Console
<https://console.aws.amazon.com/iot/home>`_ 
then go to *manage>jobs>create* chose **Create custom job** give a unique *Job ID* select the *device to update* and add a *job file*. 
Chose *snapshot* as job type and press next.
```

Author: Fixed

Additional notes:
The device can be created through AWS IoT things and should be associated with the certificates flashed onto the device.

> An example of the job file can be found in the documentation of the :ref:`lib_aws_fota` library. This can be uploaded to an `S3 bucket<https://console.aws.amazon.com/s3>`_ on your AWS account and be selected from there if you use the AWS IoT Console this is the only way to add a *job file* to a custom job.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An example of the job file can be found in the documentation of the :ref:`lib_aws_fota` library. 
This can be uploaded to an `S3 bucket
<https://console.aws.amazon.com/s3>`_ 
on your AWS account and be selected from there if you use the AWS IoT Console this is the only way to add a *job file* to a custom job.
```

Author: Fixed.

Also make sure to download one of the `root CA certificates <https://docs.aws.amazon.com/iot/latest/developerguide/managing-device-certs.html#server-authentication>`_ and the generated certificates if you chose to let AWS generate some for layou.

Then, attach the policy you created earlier to the certificates. Further more you need to the information from the Root CA, Public Certificate, and Private Key into :file:`certificates.h`.

When these steps are done, deselect ``CONFIG_USE_PROVISIONED_CERTIFICATES`` in menuconfig.
This will write your new certificates to the :ref:`secure tag <zephyr:sec_tag_t>` defined in menuconfig ``CONFIG_CLOUD_CERT_SEC_TAG`` into the modem.

Usage
*****

1. Make sure you have configured the host name to be the AWS IoT MQTT Broker endpoint you want to use in menuconfig.
#. If you haven't already provisioned certificates on to your device follow the steps in :ref:`prerequisites`.
#. Flash the sample onto the board.
#. When the sample has successfully connected to the AWS IoT broker, log in to your `AWS IoT Console <https://console.aws.amazon.com/iot/home>`_ and go to **Manage->Jobs->Create**.

> #. Then, choose **Create custom job**, provide it with a unique **Job ID**, select the **Device to update**, and add a **Job file**.

Reviewer 2: Try to split this step further. If you get "add a Job file" as a separate point, add the note below (about the example job file) to that point since I think many users will not read everything before trying to follow the steps :).

Author: okei :)

Author: forgot to push this yesterday it seems. Does it looks okay from your perspective now @b-gent ?

.. include:: /includes/build_and_run_nrf9160.txt

Prerequisites
*************

> The connected device must have the same MQTT Client ID as the thing name created on AWS IoT.

Reviewer 2: thing -> "thing"
?

Reviewer 3: see comment below

It also needs a policy attached to the certificates, and the certificates need to be active.

Below is a very permissive policy which should be used for **testing only** which you can attach to the certificates if you are unsure on what policies are needed for your device. To create a policy go to `AWS IoT Console
<https://console.aws.amazon.com/iot/home>`_ Secure>Policies>Create.

.. code-block:: javascript

    {
      "Version": "2012-10-17",
      "Statement": [
          {
            "Effect": "Allow",
            "Action": "iot:*",
            "Resource": "*"
          }
       ]
     }

> To create a thing log in to the `AWS IoT Console

Reviewer 2: thing -> thing,

Also consider thing -> "thing" here as well.

Reviewer 3: AWS IoT is not doing this so I don't think we should be diverging from their documentation in this respect. Example:
https://github.com/NordicPlayground/fw-nrfconnect-nrf/pull/905

Reviewer 2: ok, np.

<https://console.aws.amazon.com/iot/home>`_ Manage>Things>Create>Create a single thing.
Give it a name which corresponds to your MQTT Client ID.

> Chose next either add your certificates or chose to create certificates, press activates and remember to download one of the `root CA certificates

Reviewer 2: chose -> choose

How about:
"Next. add your certificates, or create new ones by clicking ???."
(I don't know if it's a button you click) :)

Reviewer 3: typos are fixed

For the other part, the sentence is now:
"Next, choose to either create certificates or add your certificates and click **Activate**."

@sigvartmh  , hopefully this is correct.

Author: Yeah thanks for spotting :)

> Next, choose to either to create certificates or add your own certificates and make sure to **Activate** them.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Next, choose to either create certificates or add your own certificates and make sure to **Activate** them.
```

<https://docs.aws.amazon.com/iot/latest/developerguide/managing-device-certs.html#server-authentication>`_ and the generated certificates.

> Afterward, attach the policy you created before and put the information from the Root CA, Public Certificate, and Private Key into `certificates.h`.

Reviewer 2: before -> earlier

Author: Fixed

> After this is done deselect the option in menuconfig which is described as *Use provisioned certificates*.

Reviewer 2: Can you link to the config with `:option:`?

Author: Sure, didn't know this existed

Author: Added but kept the text do you think I should remove the described as part?

Reviewer 2: I think so, to avoid it being outdated in case the prompt is changed in the kconfig file.

Author: Removed.

Reviewer 3: Seems like the doc build has problems finding these options ('unknown option' errors). We might need to revert this after all, as there is not much time for debugging.

Author: I guess it's since it's related to the sample and not part of zephyr/nrf Kconfig three will just add `` next to it to make them stand out.

> Also make sure to download one of the `root CA certificates <https://docs.aws.amazon.com/iot/latest/developerguide/managing-device-certs.html#server-authentication>`_ and the generated certificates if you chose to let AWS generate some for layou.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Also, make sure to download one of the `root CA certificates <https://docs.aws.amazon.com/iot/latest/developerguide/managing-device-certs.html#server-authentication>`_ and the generated certificates if you choose to let AWS generate some for you.
```

So this step should be done if you choose to create certificates in AWS console, rather than add your own certificates in the previous step?

> This will write your new certificates to the secure tag defined in menuconfig into the modem.

Reviewer 2: Can you link to somewhere where secure tags are described?

Author: Would a link to https://docs.zephyrproject.org/latest/reference/networking/sockets.html?highlight=sec_tag#_CPPv39sec_tag_t suffice?

Reviewer 2: That's great. What does "defined in menuconfig" mean?

Author: added an :option: tag but it's an option in menuconfig where you can define the number/"tag" which the certificates are stored at.(It's the key to get the certificates) so if you give the key into the sockets they will use the certificates stored at that key value.

Usage
*****

> Flash the example onto the board with the correct AWS IoT broker configured.

Reviewer 2: Does "with the correct..." refer to the example or the board?

Author: The example, you need to configure the sample to point at the `AWS endpoint` which your certificates are associated against.

Reviewer 2: Ok, is that explained somewhere?

Author: I don't think so I'll add the information there.

> Then, attach the policy you created earlier to the certificates. Further more you need to the information from the Root CA, Public Certificate, and Private Key into :file:`certificates.h`.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Then, attach the policy you created earlier to the certificates. You must also add the information from the Root CA, Public Certificate, and Private Key into :file:`certificates.h`.
```

> If you haven't written certificates to a secure tag in the modem, use the provided ``certificates.h`` file to write your AWS IoT MQTT broker certificates into the modem.

Reviewer 2: How do you do this?

Author: Tried to explain it further down in the text with the last part on the usage, maybe it should be moved here?

Reviewer 2: The part about certificates could be point 1 by itself

    1. Provision certificates as explained in :ref:`prerequisites`

Author: It's optional tho :/

Reviewer 2: 1. Get certificates ... somehow

:)

Author: Does it look better now?

> 1. Make sure you have configured the host name to be the AWS IoT MQTT Broker endpoint you want to use in menuconfig.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
1. Configure the host name to be the AWS IoT MQTT Broker endpoint you want to use in menuconfig.
```

> #. If you haven't already provisioned certificates on to your device follow the steps in :ref:`prerequisites`.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
#. Make sure you have provisioned certificates onto your device. See the steps in :ref:`prerequisites`.
```

When the example has successfully connected to the AWS IoT broker you should log in to your `AWS IoT Console

> <https://console.aws.amazon.com/iot/home>`_ then go to *manage>jobs>create* chose **Create custom job** give a unique *Job ID* select the *device to update* and add a *job file*.

Reviewer 2: Add some commas here?

Reviewer 3: done

Author: tnx :100:

Chose *snapshot* as job type and press next.

> Additional notes:

Reviewer 2: `.. note::`?

Reviewer 3: done

Author: tnx

> The device can be created through AWS IoT things and should be associated with the certificates flashed onto the device.

Reviewer 2: What does this sentence mean? What is a "device" in this case? And does "should" mean the user should do something, or that it should happen automatically?

Author: I guess "thing" would be the correct word.

This is something the user should do, you'll be prompted to create certificates if you create a thing.

Reviewer 2: Ok. I'd say try to put all explanations about certificates in one place, if possible :). I realize they are quite an integral part.

Author: Yup, without it. It won't work I'll see if I can find a way to put it all in one place.

Author: Tried to collect the information into the prerequisite section does it make more sense now?

> #. Then, choose **Create custom job**, provide it with a unique **Job ID**, select the **Device to update**.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
#. Then, choose **Create custom job**, provide it with a unique **Job ID**, and select the **Device to update**.
```

An example of the job file can be found in the documentation of the :ref:`lib_aws_fota` library.
This can be uploaded to an `S3 bucket

> <https://console.aws.amazon.com/s3>`_ on your AWS account and be selected from there if you use the AWS IoT Console this is the only way to add a *job file* to a custom job.

Reviewer 2: Add some punctuation here?

Reviewer 3: done

Author: tnx.
